


you should be able to drag the objects in the machines this round section onto the grid and they should lock to it. create a game state struct that captures all the information required to render the screen. when the player presses start run it should initiate the run. the start should emit objects of random types and then the machines should either move them around or process them somehow. ultimately getting one base object to the end should give you $1. there is going to be all different types of machines and objects to move through the factory floor. during the run phase (once the player clicks run) the objects should actually flow through the factory floor and should get scored accordingly. i want to have balatro style scoring where there's a base score and a multiplier.


machines on grid should not be a map, i think it should be an array? also there needs to be a sell in the bottom right, and people need to be able to drag things they bought onto that. make a machine interface and then make a new file for each machine type. come up with some clever things the machine can do. the objects should not just automatically make a straight line from the start to the end. they should take steps and each step should move the object according to any of the machines abilities around it (by checking the actions of the interfaces of the machines). they should smoothly move between each position on the grid that the machines move them too. each round it should emit 5 random object types, which should all get processed to competion, and then the round should end. write a function that generates all the movements and returns a list of the movements so that it can be unit tested, and then take the output of that and animate it